# 새로 배운 것
#
#
# how to display abbreviations and acronym
- abbreviation : 줄임말 같은 것. 예를 들면 doctor 의 Dr. 
- acronym : 얘도 줄임말 같은 건데, 앞글자를 따서 만들어짐. It's a word formed from the initial letters of a phrase. For example, HTML(HyperTextMarkupLanguage)
- <abbr> : abberviation과 acronym을 HTML에 구현하고 싶다면 abbreviation 을 쓸 것. 
- <p><abbr>HTML</abbr> is the foundation of the web.</p>
- It does not show up on users screen.
- You can use title attribute to show them.
- <p><abbr title="HyperText Markup Language">HTML</abbr> is the foundation of the web.</p>
- When the user hovers over the acronym with the mouse, the full form is displayed as a tooltip.
# 
#
# how to display addresses in HTML?
- <address> : address element
- Being used for builing out website's contact sections.
- <br /> : break element, is used to show the division between the street name, city, and country.
- example 
    <address>
    <h2>Company Name</h2>
    <p>
        1234 Elm Street<br />
        Springfield, IL 62701<br />
        United States
    </p>
    <p>Phone: <a href="tel:+15555555555">+1 (555) 555-5555</a></p>
    <p>Email: <a href="mailto:contact@company.com">contact@company.com</a></p>
    </address>
- tel:+ value inside the href creates a clickable link to initiatie a phone call on certain devices that support that. 
- mailto value creates mailto link. 
#
#
# How to display times and dates?
- <time> element is used to represent a specific moment in time.
- <p>The reservations are for <time datetime="20:00">20:00 </time></p>
- datetime attribute is used to translate dates and times into a machine-readable format.
- <p>
    The graduation will be on <time datetime="2024-06-15T15:00">June 15</time>
    </p>
- Used with another format. ISO 8601 format. 
- The capital T in the value is a separator between the dates and times.
#
#
# how to display mathmatical equations and chemical formulas?
- <sup> : superscript element, it means superscript inside the paragraph. (윗첨자)
- <p>2<sup>2</sup>(2 squared) is 4.</p> -> 2의 제곱
- <sub> : subscript element, use this for displaying a chemical representation.
- it displays contents with lowered baseline using smaller text. (아래첨자)
- <p>CO<sub>2</sub></p>
#
# 
# how to represent computer code in HTML
- <code> : code element is used to represent short snippets of code inside text. Single line ! If you want to represent multiple lines of code, you will need to place a code element inside a preformatted text element.
- <pre> : pre element. It will display exactly as written inside the HTML doc.
- <pre>
    <code>
        body {
        color: red;
        }
    </code>
    </pre>

#
#
# what are u, s and Ruby elements used for? and how do they work?
- <u> : unarticulated annotation(주석) element, is used to represent inline text that has non-textual annotation applied.
- example 
    <p>
  You can use the unarticulated annotation element to highlight
  <u>inccccort</u> <u>spling</u> <u>issses</u>.
    </p>
- u element applies an underline to the text. 
- but in HTML 5, the u element should only be used to indicate that text has non-textual annotation applied.
- <s> : strikethrough element, should be used to represent when text is no longer accurate or relevent.
- It adds a crossline to the text. 
- <ruby> : ruby element, represents small text shown above or below the main text. It is typically used to show the pronounciation of East Asian characters. 
- <ruby> 明日 <rp>(</rp><rt>Ashita</rt><rp>)</rp> </ruby>
- <rp> element, (ruby fallback parenthesis element) is used as a fallback for browsers lacking support for displaying ruby annotations.
- <rt> element, (ruby text element), is used to indicate text for the ruby annotation. 
#
#
# build a cat blog
- <header> : header element is used to represent introductory content like page navigation and other introductory information.
- <nav> : nav element is used to provide navigation links to other sections in the document or other sections in the website.       
- <nav>
    <ul>
    <li></li>
    </ul>
    </nav>

- <article> : article element represents self contained content on web page. 
- Lorem ipsum : placeholder text. If you want to focus on building out the structure of web, use Lorem ipsum.