# 새로 배운 것
#
#
# how do forms, labels, and inputs work in HTML?
- <form> : form element in HTML is used to gather user information, such as names and email addresses. 
- <form method="" action="url-goes-here">
    <!-- input elements go here -->
    </form>
- action attribute specifies where the form data will be sent upon submission. like this, if you write action="/submit", it will be sent through the path /submit.
- method attribute is used to specify the HTTP method to use when sending the form data. the most common methods are GET and POST. 
- <input> : you can use an input element when collecting names or email addresses. <input type="text">
- input elements are void elements. It means you don't need closing tags.
- type attribute defines the data type expected from the user. 
- <label> : use label element to add a label to an input.
- you can use the for attribute to explicitly associate a label with an input. explicit means that you can connect label and input if they are apart from each other. On the other way, implicit association, the input must be placed inside the label.
- ex for explicit, using for attribute.
    <form action="">
  <label for="email"> Email Address: </label>
  <input type="email" id="email" />
    </form>
- for attribute and id need to be the same.
- placeholer attribute : use it when you want to show additional hints to the users about the expected input.(format and type of data or something)
- ex of placeholder
    <form action="">
    <label for="email"> Email Address: </label>
    <input type="email" id="email" placeholder="Ex. example@email.com" />
    </form>
- from above, placeholder tells the users to enter a correctly formatted email.
#
#
# what are the different type of buttons, and when should you use them??
- <button type=""> : button element is used to perform a particular action when it is activated. it ahs a type attribute which controls the behavior of the button when it is activated. 
- Possible values for the type are submit, reset, and button.
- ex for type value submit.
    <form action="">
    <label for="email">Email address:</label>
    <input type="email" id="email" name="email" />
    <button type="submit">Submit form</button>
    </form>
- Inside the form element, there is a label and input element for the user's email address. When user clicks on the submit button, their data will be sent to the server.
- ex for type value reset.
    <form action="">
    <label for="email">Email address:</label>
    <input type="email" id="email" name="email" />
    <button type="reset">Reset form</button>
    <button type="submit">Submit form</button>
    </form>
- in this example, a label and input element are used to collect the user's email address. When the user clicks on the reset button, then it will clear out all of their input data.
#
#
# What Is Client-Side Form Validation in HTML Forms, and What Are Some Examples? - how to get a validation
- required, minlength, maxlength
- required attribute : this specifies that the user needs to fill out that portion of the form before it gets submitted.
- ex of required attribute
    <form action="">
    <label for="email">Email Address (Required field):</label>
    <input required type="email" name="email" id="email" />
    <button type="submit">Submit Form</button>
    </form>
- minlength and maxlength
    <form action="">
    <label for="email">Email Address (Required field):</label>
    <input
        required
        type="email"
        name="email"
        id="email"
        minlength="4"
        maxlength="64"
    />
    <button type="submit">Submit Form</button>
        </form>
#
#
# What Are the Different Form States, and Why Are They Important?
- In HTML, form controls, like inputs, can be in different stages or conditions like a default state, focused state, readonly state, or disabled state.
- <input disabled type="email" name="email" id="email">
 you can add disabled booleam attribute to the element like in the above.
- difference between readonly and disabled is readonly state can be focused and disabled state cannot.


