# 새로 배운것
#
# Importance of Accessibility and Good HTML Structure
# 1. Accessibility
- Accessibility involves creating products and services that everyone can use.
- POUR guidelines
- P : Perceivable. - Users must be able to perceive the information that you are presenting
- O : Operable. - Users must be able to interact with the user interface.
- U : Understandable - Users must be able to understand the information.
- R : Robust. - A wide range of browsers and other tools, including assistive technologies, must be able to interpret the content.
#
#
# 2. What Are Screen Readers, and who Uses Them?
- Screen Readers : They're assistive technology programs that help blind and visually impaired people use computers.
- Screen Readers are for blinds, dyslexic, visualy impaired people.
#
#
# 3. What Are Best Practices for Tables and Accessibility?
- caption element right under <table>. It defines the title of table.
- scope attiribute : It determines if a header is a row header of colum header. It has tow possible values. (col, row)
- <th scope="col">Name</th> or <th scope="row">age</th>
#
#
# 4. Why Is It Important for Inputs to Have an Associated Label?
- Labels help people with disabilities, make forms more user-friendly for everyone, and ultimately improve form conversion rates.
- Screen readers oftem rely on labels to descrbethe purpose of input fields. 
#
#
#
# Introducton to ARIA
# 1. What Is the Purpose of WAI-ARIA, and How Does It Work?
- WAI-ARIA stands for Web Accessibility Initiative - Accessible Rich Internet Applications. 
- It's a specification that enhances accessibility for dynamic content an UI componenets.
- Primary purpose of WAI-ARIA is to improve accessibility for dynamic content and UI components that do not have native HTML equivalents.
- It works by introducing a set of attributes you can add to HTML elements to provide additional semantic information. These attributes are categorized into roles, states, and properties.
- role : It defines the purpose of and elemnet within a website or web app.  
- <div role="button">Click Me</div>  This is an example of setting the role to button for a div element. By doing this, you are indicating to assitive technology that the element is a button. But simply giving this div a role of button will not act as a button. You have to use javascript to make it act like a button.
#
#
# 2. What Are ARIA Roles?
- ARIA roles specify the semantic meaning of HTML elements. Many semantic HTML elements already have an ARIA role assigned by default. 
- Non-semantic HTML elements don't have a role. For example, div don't have a role. 
- To specify the ARIA role of an element, you just need to add the role attribute, like this. 
- role="ARIA role" (value should be changed.)
- six main categories of ARIA roles:
    Document structure roles
    Widget roles
    Landmark roles
    Live region roles
    Window roles
    And Abstract roles
- We should specify the roles that don't have an equivalent semantic element. If there is equivalent semantic element, always prioririze that.
- Document structure roles : toolbar, tooltip, feed, math, presentation, none and note. 
- Widget roles : scrollbar, searchbox, separator, slider, spinbutton, switch,tab, tabpanel, treeitem.
- Landmak roles : classify and label the primary sections of a web page. Screen readers use them to provide convenient navigation to important sections of a page. There are banner, complementary, contentinfo, form, main, navigation, region, and search.
- Live region roles : define elements with content that will change dynamically. there are alert, log, marquee, status, and timer.
- Window roles : These define sub-windows, like pop up modal dialogues. These roles include alertdialog and dialog.
#
#
# 3. What Are the Roles of the aria-label and aria-labelledby Attributes?
- For people using screen readers, the aria-label and aria-labelledby attributes provide crucial information about page elements that might be unclear or invisible.
- The aria-label attribute is an invisible label for interactive elements.
- <button aria-label="Search">
    <i class="fas fa-search"></i>
    </button>
 in this case, a screen reader may announce this button as Search, button, even though the button only contains an icon. 
- The aria-labelledby attribute does the exact same thing as the aria-label attribute, but instead of defining the text directly in the attribute, you use a reference to text that already exists on the page. The existing text must have an id attribute, which will be used for the reference value in the aria-labelledby attribute.
- <input type="text" aria-labelledby="search-btn">
<button type="button" id="search-btn">Search</button>

- aria-labelledby attribute changes with the changing of existing texts. 
- One last note, do not use aria-label and aria-labelledby on an element at the same time. Aria-label will be ignored.



