# 새로 배운 것
#
#
# what are HTML Tables Used For, and What Shoud They Not Be Used For?
- HTML tables aren't used as much these days as they used to be.
- But, as a frontend developer, you shoud still be familiar with them.
- example
    <table id="quickfacts">
    <thead>
        <tr>
        <th colspan="2">Quick Facts: Software Developers, Quality Assurance Analysts, and Testers</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
        <th>2023 Median Pay</th>
        <td>
            $130,160 per year
            <br>$62.58 per hour
        </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <th>Typical Entry-Level Education</th>
        <td>Bachelor's degree</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <th>Work Experience in a Related Occupation</th>
        <td>None</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <th>On-the-job Training</th>
        <td>None</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <th>Number of Jobs, 2022</th>
        <td>1,795,300</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <th>Job Outlook, 2022-32</th>
        <td>25% (Much faster than average)</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
        <th>Employment Change, 2022-32</th>
        <td>451,200</td>
        </tr>
    </tbody>
    <tfoot>
        <tr>
        <th>If this table had a footer it would be here.</th>
        </tr>
    </tfoot>
    </table>
- In the main table, there're thead(table head element), tbody(table body element), tfoot(table foot element).
- <tr> : The table head, body, and foot elements can each contain some tr(number of table rows). 
- <th> : Each table row can contain a th(table header) - It labels the data in that row.
- <td> : It can also contain some number of individual data cells, td(tabel data).
- It's useful for displaying a tabular data.
#
#
# What Is an HTML Validator, and How Can It Help You Debug Your Code?
- HTML is a very forgiving language. Elements still render even when we make mistakes, like forgetting to include a closing tag.
- HTML validator is a tool that checks the validity of your HTML conde against the standard HTML specifications.
- w3.org
- jsonformatter.org
#
#
# How to Use the DOM Inspector and DevTools to Debug and build Your Projects
- DOM inspector allows you to inspect the HTML structure of the page you are on.
